Document how to change the MTU [CI SKIP] (#640)
harvester/docs: docs/networking/harvester-network.md

    ![](/img/v1.2/networking/create-vlan-network.png)

> :::note
> 
> The `VM Network` inheriates the `MTU` from the `Network Config` of the `Cluster Network`, this makes sure the VMs will get the best match and best performance from the hardware. It is not allowed to set a different `MTU` on the `VM Network`.
> 
> Follow the guide [Change the MTU of Network Config which has Storage Network Attached](./clusternetwork.md#change-the-mtu-of-network-config-which-has-storage-network-attached) or [Change the MTU of Network Config which has no Storage Network Attached](./clusternetwork.md#change-the-mtu-of-network-config-which-has-no-storage-network-attached) to set a different `MTU` on the physical `NICs` first, then the `VM Network` will inheriate the new `MTU` automatically.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :::note

  Virtual machine networks inherit the MTU from the network configuration of the associated cluster network. This ensures that virtual machines benefit from the best possible hardware performance. You cannot set a different MTU for virtual machine networks.

  When you change the MTU on the physical NICs, the virtual machine networks automatically inherit the new MTU. For more information, see [Change the MTU of a Network Configuration with Attached Storage Network](./clusternetwork.md#change-the-mtu-of-network-config-which-has-storage-network-attached) and [Change the MTU of a Network Configuration with No Attached Storage Network](./clusternetwork.md#change-the-mtu-of-network-config-which-has-no-storage-network-attached).

  :::
```
